pylintrc location and Python 3.5 (#1848)
tensorflow/docs: site/en/community/contribute/code_style.md

### pylint

To install `pylint`:

```bash
$ pip install pylint
```

To check a file with `pylint` from the TensorFlow source code root directory:

```bash
$ pylint --rcfile=tensorflow/tools/ci_build/pylintrc tensorflow/python/keras/losses.py
```

### Supported Python versions

> TensorFlow supports Python >= 3.6. See the

Reviewer: @zenogantner Do you think it would also make sense to specify the range? For example:

```suggestion
TensorFlow supports Python 3.6-3.8. See the
```

(This is for edge cases where Python 3.9 is auto-installed by Homebrew 🤷‍♂️.)

Source: https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip, https://www.tensorflow.org/install/

> TensorFlow supports Python 3.6-3.8. See the
> [installation guide](https://www.tensorflow.org/install) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For supported Python versions, see the TensorFlow
[installation guide](https://www.tensorflow.org/install).
```

Thanks. Let's remove the version from this page so we don't have to update it down the road.
